Hey, everyone.
So, now we're going to go ahead and
create the very basic application,
showing you how to use the simple CV and
your camera.
So go ahead and take a look at this
screen right here for the drawing board.
>> You're starting right where you left
off when we setup in the last lesson, so.
>> Yeah, basically.
>> Yeah.
>> So, right now we're in the SimpleCV
directory, but I'm going to go ahead and
create a new one on the desktop.
So create a new folder right here,
and we'll call it, say, CV Project.
Right there, it's right there.
And then to get to that,
we'll say CD Desktop and CV Projects.
Cool.
So, the basic application,
we'll just say vim
BasicCVApp.py.
So Vim is just a text editor.
It's idle three.
I'm pretty used to it so
I just like to use it.
>> I like Vim too, I mean it's simple.
It's there.
>> So since we don't need to,
as we mentioned
before we don't have to have the SimpleCV
libraries in the same directory.
So we just go ahead and
type import SimpleCV.
So now we have the camera library set up.
And next,
we'll get a reference to the camera.
So cam = SimpleCV.Camera.
And make sure you have all
your capitalization correct or
you'll get some errors in
your code when you run it.
And we'll take an image.
So, image = cam.getImage.
>> [COUGH]
>> I think we just save it.
So, img.save.
Normally, when you save it,
it'll save to the same directory.
The script is running, but
I tend to like having a absolute
file pass so nothing goes wrong.
So do /home/linaro/,
let's put it on desktop,
Desktop/my_first_image.png.
Cool.
Yeah, that's basically everything.
So, we'll go ahead and
save it and get out of the Vim.
And we'll go ahead and run it.
We'll type in python.
>> You mean pseudo-python?
>> No, we don't actually.
>> Okay.
>> So we just run it like this.
Enter.
Did it run it?
Did it do it?
Cool.
Took a picture.
There it is.
>> Yeah.
So, you didn't see it, but
a green light flashed on our camera too.
>> Can we see the image?
>> Here we are.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Nice.
>> That's cool.
>> Yep, so
that's a very basic imaging for us.
And, if this doesn't work or
the image shows up black it could
mean that something went wrong
in the SimpleCV library setup or
maybe something went wrong
with the Python installation.
And, yeah, that's basically it.
>> Great.
>> So that's it for this application.
Stick around and
we'll be adding more cool, neat features.